# TicTacToe
This is a simple implementation of the TicTacToe game written in Java 17. It includes a graphical user interface (GUI) built with JavaFX. The project also provides a **pom.xml** file for Maven deployment.

## Requirements
- Java 17
- Maven (for deployment)

## Building the Game
To build the TicTacToe game, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine or download the source code as a ZIP file.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/lilpuzeen/TicTacToe.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory.
    ```bash
    cd TicTacToe
    ```
3. Build the project using Maven.
    ```bash
    mvn clean package
    ```
    This command compiles the source code, runs tests (if any), and packages the application into a JAR file.

## Running the Game
Once you have built the game, you can run it using the following command:
```bash
java -jar target/TicTacToe-<version>.jar
```
Replace **<version>** with the actual version of the JAR file generated by Maven.

## How to play
1. Launch the TicTacToe game by running the JAR file.
2. The game board will be displayed on the screen.
3. The game supports two players, you can play either PvP or PvE.
4. To make a move, click on an empty cell on the game board.
5. Players take turns making moves until one of the following conditions is met:
   - One player wins by forming a line of their symbol (X or O) horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
   - The game ends in a tie when all cells on the board are filled.
6. After the game ends, you can start a new game by clicking the "New Game" button.

## Additional Notes
- This project was developed using Java 17 and JavaFX. Ensure you have Java 17 installed and properly configured on your system to run the game.
- If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/lilpuzeen/TicTacToe/issues) on the GitHub repository.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository on GitHub.
2. Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
3. Create a new branch for your contribution:
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature/your-feature
    ```
4. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
5. Push your changes to your forked repository.
6. Create a pull request on the original repository, explaining your changes.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) file for more information.